Min-Hsueh Chiu: This video is about the architecture of monopoly simulator. So this monopoly is designed as a 3rd person. Perspective simulator, meaning, it operates with a back and a engine to manage the core game mechanics, while
Min-Hsueh Chiu: the client software interact with the gaming engine.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So as you can see, here's the top label, Directory. There's a me requirement, and inside of the package
Min-Hsueh Chiu: inside a package. So I will introduce the 3 main
Min-Hsueh Chiu: component so there will be a base simulator, client connection and novelty generator.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So 1st of all, we will define
Min-Hsueh Chiu: the monopoly rules and
Min-Hsueh Chiu: basic
Min-Hsueh Chiu: parameter in this Json file. So here is how it looked like there's a location sequence. There's some go increment and dice information inside here. So this, allow us to customize the environment.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: And okay. So
Min-Hsueh Chiu: so other than this, we can see there's a lot of object, because, we design simulator using object oriented design.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So I will show you some key components like their action.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So this is
Min-Hsueh Chiu: this is the action.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: They're allowed to do.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: And there's also agent. So agent is a place holder for strategy, and it will integrate later in the player object.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: And, as you can see there's several background agent
Min-Hsueh Chiu: that allow to play with user.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: And of course there's bank very straightforward. There's card
Min-Hsueh Chiu: right? And card is for community and a chance card, and it might have some
Min-Hsueh Chiu: usage. So I we will put in. Put the function inside the card u utility action here.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: And let's see.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: okay, there's a dice.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: there's a
Min-Hsueh Chiu: location.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: right? Which is house or structure on a board.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: And lastly, we will have player.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So it's include both mentioned agents and also some money status of the player. Information was store storing here.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So with this component
Min-Hsueh Chiu: we can build a basic simulator and run locally
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and as you can see that here's a gameplay.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So here have the simulate
Min-Hsueh Chiu: simulate. Gan instance. So here's the main logic here.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and you can
Min-Hsueh Chiu: you can execute this to run a local game.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So this is for the 1st part.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and the second part is about the connection between game, engine and client software. So we use socket communication. So this is a Tcp network interface
Min-Hsueh Chiu: allow to software connect via IP address and ports.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So there's 2 components. The 1st one
Min-Hsueh Chiu: is where is
Min-Hsueh Chiu: the 1st one will be client, agent, serial.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and the other one will be.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Let's see where
Min-Hsueh Chiu: server agents serial.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So both of them act as a communicator.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and to be more specific server agent is responsible to communicating between game engine and the client. It sends the game, state information to the client
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and retrieve
Min-Hsueh Chiu: the clients, choose a move.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and client agent, on the other hand, is responsible to receive
Min-Hsueh Chiu: game, state information from the server
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and decide design what move based on the receive data
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and then send the select move back to server agent.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So ensured. Server agents relay game information and client info client, agent response with agent with action. Sorry.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Okay. So that is how clients and game engine
Min-Hsueh Chiu: can connect together.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So the 3rd one is novelty generator.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So
Min-Hsueh Chiu: as you can see, there's a bunch of novelty. Prefix file. So the 3 main file will be novelty, generator, novelty, function, and novelty distribution.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So novelty generator is a fundamental primitive. Let's specify which function in a simulator. Simulator will be modified.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: And now with the function
Min-Hsueh Chiu: here. Implement the logic. Let's modify
Min-Hsueh Chiu: the behavior of the original function
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and novelty distribution. Here is the collection of composite novelty
Min-Hsueh Chiu: that can be inject in monopoly game. So it consists of one or more primitive instance.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So this is a manual method to create a composite number team.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So at at a at a last one. I would like to.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Introduce that novelty, generation phase 3. So this script content
Min-Hsueh Chiu: the function that can generate composite novelty.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Which
Min-Hsueh Chiu: is defined in phase 3. Novelty config.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So let me show you here.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and let us see how is this look like?
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So as you can see here we have a lot of novelty. So this will be the 1st one. It's called Environment one.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and it's Comp contain 5 primitive.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: And there's a there's a novelty function here. And here's the novelty argument corresponding to each function. So that is how we can inject novelty
Min-Hsueh Chiu: in the monopoly simulator, and this is the whole whole structure.